# e_03

**January 29, 2016**

Another good week. I was able to do some pair programming with one of the experienced Sparkbox developers. We went over a simple command line game (written in Ruby) that I had put together. One of my co-apprentices was in on that session. It was nice to have multiple viewpoints and to work through things collectively. This is not something I've been able to do in my previous, isolated learning experiences. Later in the week, I had a chance to reciprocate that triple-minded problem solving approach with the same two people. That time we worked on the other apprentice's Ruby game. It's obvious that pairing with other programmers reveals a lot about how I can improve my code. It allows me to see different paths to a given solution. In the time I've spent learning on my own, I haven't felt comfortable with the idea of completing any kind of complex application. It always becomes messy. Managing complexity is the name of the game. Pair programming, I hope, will play a big role in demystifying how to put the smaller pieces of a program together, so the bigger picture can be realized.

We also spent some time talking about testing this week. I *have* taken some time to understand the basics of unit testing, but haven't practiced *real* TDD to this point. More like concurrent testing. We also talked specifically about integration testing. This entire facet of the development world is becoming clearer. Next step will be to actually employ a test driven approach on something. I'll start small and work out from there.

Code confidence rising.
