# e_08

**February 26, 2016**

This week started off with focus on [the game of life kata](http://codingdojo.org/cgi-bin/index.pl?action=browse&diff=1&id=KataGameOfLife). I've completed it a few times, but my focus this week has been on creating a solution that supports infinite growth and doesn't waste iteration. It's a hard problem. I think I've solved it, but my solution is pretty ugly. I know there's a better way to accomplish this, so I'm continuing work on this kata until I feel satisfied.

Ryan asked me to [ping-pong pair](https://youtu.be/BLShopf99Kg) with someone this week. Divya was nice enough to help me out. We used the game of life as the subject of the exercise. I think working with someone this way is a challenge. Pairing reveals a lot about how differently people can approach the same problem. I think it's really helpful to try and see things from a new perspective.

Thursday was the first Maker Series of the year at Sparkbox. Sara Chipps showed up and talked about programming hardware, co-founding Girl Develop It, and her tech startup, Jewelbots. She brought hardware supplies for everyone. Attendees each brought an article of clothing and she walked us through sewing some wearable tech into our garments. There were a fair amount of Students from surrounding high schools in attendance. I was able to pair with one of the students and help her through some of the steps. That was a lot of fun. I was really impressed with all of the young people and their genuine interest in programming.

Tomorrow (Saturday) is the annual Girl Scouts event held at Sparkbox. This means more young minds will be in the office to learn! My desire to teach young people is strong. It's in my blood. I'm always looking forward to opportunities to teach beginners. The only thing that could keep me from this event is my expectant wife, Suzanne. I have a daughter due any day now. Half-way through writing this, I was informed that she's been experiencing some contractions. There's no way to know if this is an indication of labor at this point. Regardless of whether I'm helping to teach young women or helping to bring a young woman into this world, I expect tomorrow to be a great day.
