# e_02

**January 21, 2016**

Ruby!  
Up to this point, I have't taken the time to learn Ruby. This week we were asked to spend time getting to know Ruby or expanding our knowledge thereof. I'm starting to like it and I think I'm picking it up ok. Aside from syntax-shock, some of the language paradigms are new to me and that's where I'm having the most difficulty. I'm *really* eager to tackle this language.

The majority of our time has been self-directed learning, which is pretty cool. I struggled at first to feel comfortable in such a relaxed setting. That doesn't really make sense, but for some reason it's true.

We also spent time with Git this week. After meeting with a couple experienced devs to talk about Git and how Sparkbox uses it, I've realized how much better distributed version control typically is for developers. I learned a whole bunch of stuff and I'm not afraid to touch a Sparkbox repo anymore. That was a big win.

The best part of this week has been getting to know the individuals at Sparkbox. Everyone here has been very welcoming. All the developers seems to feel a certain amount of responsibility toward the apprentices. I'm not sure it can be overstated&mdash;there is an amazing atmosphere here! I'm also beginning to feel a close connection with my co-apprentices. I think the bond is inescapable. We've been tossed into the same new experience all together. For the most part we all seem to be excited and somewhat stressed at the same time. We've been leaning on each other, and that feels good. I'm as happy to learn from them as I am to learn from the experienced Sparkboxers.

I'm looking forward to the coming weeks.
