# e_04

**February 5, 2016**

This week started off with a "state of the company" meeting. It was pretty stellar. Everyday I spend with Sparkbox reveals more about the people who run the company and what they value, and I'm continually impressed. They keep things relatively transparent. The meeting served to let all the employees know where the company stands both financially and morally. Lessons from the previous year were discussed as well as goals for the coming.  It was very much an open forum for people to make suggestions about day to day operations and ask any questions. Nothing seemed to be off the table. Heads from every branch of the company spoke and there were a handful of lightning talks presented by developers. Some were fun, some were inspirational. I think that getting every employee together in one room to participate in this kind of thing allows everyone to have a better understanding of the business as a whole, and ultimately, strengthens solidarity.

Before I get into the nuts and bolts of what I learned this week, I want to document a couple small victories that I had *last* week, post-journal-entry.

1. I rebased for the first time with the help of the amazing Kasey. It didn't go as smoothly as I would've liked. My confidence is still pretty low with Git. It requires you to override things too often for my comfort level. Forced pushes and skipped rebasing conflicts are scary. I'm sure it will get easier as I progress.

2. I had the chance to solve the game of life kata and output the solution to a physical LED matrix. With the help of Tarr, who hooked me up with the necessary hardware and a little assembly direction, I brought life to the LEDs. It was seriously fun. Like, almost too much fun. I need to watch myself, as the whole world of programming hardware with JS could drag me away from learning more important topics (as in assigned material).

Starting this week, I've made a personal goal to commit code everyday until the apprenticeship ends. Not just anything. I hope to identify and push something of value to one of my personal repos everyday. That might include journal entries, assigned coding challenges, or personal projects. I'm not putting *too* much pressure on myself for this specific goal. It's possible that when my daughter is born, a month or so from now, that it's just not possible. We'll see.

The remainder of the week was spent firmly anchored in Ruby land. We have been practicing test driven development and applying it to coding katas. I have two versions of the [bowling](https://programmingpraxis.com/2009/08/11/uncle-bobs-bowling-game-kata/) kata basically done. I'm hoping to finish three versions by the time I leave on Friday.

Four weeks in, I still wake up excited to come to "work."
