# e_10

**March 18, 2016**

This post is a two week summary. I missed last week because... my daughter was born! Huzzah!!

In the downtime that I had over the course of last week, I was able to read two books. <em>HTML5 For Web Designers</em> by Jeremy Keith, and <em>CSS3 for Web Designers</em> by Dan Cederholm. Both of these books were really great, but the majority of the content was more of a rehashing for me. Regardless, I think it's really useful to go back over topics that I've already learned to help strengthen and supplement what I know. I did take a couple helpful bits of knowledge from either book. I would recommend them to anyone new to front-end development.

This week I was able to finish three and a half CodeScool courses. Two HTML, one CSS, and half of the first Sass course. Again, this is mostly a recap for me, but useful nonetheless.

I think the highlight of this past week was collaborating with Bryan on Conway's Game of Life. He wanted to use [voxel.css](http://www.voxelcss.com/) to create a 3D visualization of the game. So we used my game solution and he coded the world in voxel to consume and run that solution. We worked together through a lot of the coding process and I found that to be a lot of fun. After our first visualization was complete, we started working on optimizing things. He taught me the basics of JS profiling in Chrome Dev Tools. Tarr got in on the action and helped me identify a couple areas where I could save a lot of computation. We made improvements and saw considerable performance gains within an hour or so. There were a lot of cheers and high fives as we pieced things together.

As fun as this week has been, a challenging assignment is imminent. I have a foundry post draft due this coming Wednesday. I have yet to choose a topic. Next week should be interesting.
