# e_01

**January 20, 2016**

This is what stands out about my first week as a Sparkbox apprentice.

I was late on day one. Whoops. In all fairness, I live 85 miles away and we were hit with a snow storm. I don't think they were too upset with me. I got to meet my co-apprentices in person for the first time. They are all awesome. More on them later.

The first thing we were taught (after a tour of the amazing office space at Sparkbox) was how to play [Ping Volley Pong Ball](https://the-pastry-box-project.net/ben-callahan/2015-april-26). I think that set the tone appropriately.

After that, the majority of the week was spent learning about the the command line, dotfiles, and automating machine setup. All stuff I was aware of, but hadn't spent too much time on. It was a good starting point.

By far the biggest challenge of this week was adjusting to a new setting and a long commute. By the end of day two, I was seriously questioning my ability to keep it up for six months. There is an amazing energy in the office at Sparkbox. Collaborative discussions and problem solving sessions, games of volley pong, meetups happening regularly, and plenty more. I didn't expect my head to feel like it was spinning at the end of every day, but it did.

Thankfully, I made it to Friday. And it was a really good day. At Sparkbox, they prepare a "family lunch" every Friday. People take turns cooking and everyone sits down and eats together. I noticed all sorts of wives, husbands, and children popping up out of nowhere, not long before the food was ready. And everybody seemed to know everyone else. I was thinking, "Wow. This is an amazing place to be."

That day ended with a great conversation with my co-apprentices. We decided to meet once a week to talk about our triumphs and struggles as we progress through this process. Most importantly, we'll use that time to help one another when we can, and I think that will make us all better. It was a good first week.